Update release notes for 6.2 (#1917)
apple/foundationdb: documentation/sphinx/source/release-notes.rst

* Added experimental framework to run C and Java clients in simulator `(PR #1678) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/1678>`_.
* Added new network option for client buggify which will randomly throw expected exceptions in the client. Intended for client testing `(PR #1417) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/1417>`_.
* Added ``--cache_memory`` parameter for ``fdbserver`` processes to control the amount of memory dedicated to caching pages read from disk. `(PR #1889) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/1889>`_.

> * Ratekeeper will aggresively throttle when unable to fetch storage server list for a considerable period of time. `(PR #1858) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/1858>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ratekeeper will aggressively throttle when unable to fetch the list of storage servers for a considerable period of time. `(PR #1858) <https://github.com/apple/foundationdb/pull/1858>`_.
```
